update changelog for v0.42.4 (#9083)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Cosmos SDK v0.42.4 "Stargate" Release Notes

> This release includes an important Tendermint update that fixes a security issue with Tendermint light clients. More info on [Tendermint's release notes](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/blob/v0.34.9/CHANGELOG.md#v0.34.9).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes an important Tendermint update that fixes a security issue with Tendermint light clients. For more information, see [Tendermint v0.34.9 release notes](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/blob/v0.34.9/CHANGELOG.md#v0.34.9).
```

> More details of additional bug fixes and changes can be found in the [CHANGELOG.md](http://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/release/v0.42.x/CHANGELOG.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [Cosmos SDK v0.42.4 milestone](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/milestone/43?closed=1) on our issue tracker for further details.
```
